hello my name is Jeff Riggins with Nanak
star boats today I want to talk to you
about the all-new 2 for 3 dual console
sport deck from non-text are the 2 for 3
DC has an overall length of 24 foot 3
inches long with a beam of 8 and 1/2
feet nice start deck both features
exclusive new shape seating with leather
touch upholstery for seating for six
adults under the canopy walk through
transom with flip up seating for ease of
cockpit boarding rear seating has
integrated dual chaise loungers
the portside galley features a
pressurized nine gallon water system
additional stainless-steel drink holders
acrylic countertop and storage
underneath
captain station features a swivel bucket
seat with flip up bolster for footrest
sports car styling dash panel the full
instrumentation stereo with for
waterproof speakers lighted switches
with circuit breaker protection
passenger side seating or forward
viewing features a midship port side
dressing room with a sink a mirror and a
handheld shower
the 243 DC has a panoramic view
windshield with walk through doors
large floor storage with pillow mat the
2:43 features comfortable bow u-shaped
seating with recessed speakers and
stainless-steel drink holders hinge
storage for plenty of room for light
jacket storage 15 gallon insulated
cooler that can also be plumbed for a
lot